c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.xr.xml
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.exe
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.pdb
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\SHEMS.exe
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\SHEMS.pdb
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\cheyulin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\CheYuLin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
C:\Users\CheYuLin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\CheYuLin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\CheYuLin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
C:\Users\CheYuLin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SHEMS\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\App.xbf
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.xr.xml
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.exe
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.pdb
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\resources.pri
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\SHEMS.build.appxrecipe
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.i.cs
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.g.cs
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.xaml
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xaml
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\App.xbf
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\BlankPage1.xbf
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\SHEMS.exe
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\SHEMS.pdb
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\QuickChartsWP.dll
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\QuickChartsWP.pdb
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\bin\Debug\QuickChartsWP.pri
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\SHEMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\SHEMS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\智能家居相关文章\SmartHomeEnergyManagementSystem\SHEMS\obj\Debug\QuickChartsWP.pri.xml
